## Inspiration
Even though the challenge by Logitech does not specify a particualar problem, we decided to tackle their broader goal of "making the world more interactive". With this in mind, we decided to utilize the data available about the users interactions with their devices to optimize their worklife.
Human Interface Devices are the most direct way and the most common way for humans to interact with computers. The data generated by these devices is a direct representation of the users interaction with the computer. By analyzing this data, we can gain insights into the current state of productivity of the user. Based on this data we can suggest breaks to the user, which will help them to stay productive troughout the day.

In order to further increase the impact of such an optimization, we decided to also tackle another problem at the same time: Time tracking. Time tracking is a very important part of many jobs, but it is also very tedious and time consuming. By analyzing the data from the keyboard and mouse, we can detect how much time any appliocation is used and therefore simplify the task of time tracking. When combined, these two features can help to increase the productivity of the user and save them time allow them to focus on the important tasks.


## What it does

## How we built it
The base of this pro

## Challenges we ran into
The SDK provided by Logitech would've probably saved us quite some time, but unfortunately it would have resulted in a vendor lock-in. Therefore we weighed the pros and cons of implementing our own solution and decided to go with the latter. This resulted in a custom solution for key-, mouse- and application-logging, which allows us to use the data collected in exactly the way we need it. Additionally, this solution respects the users privacy, as all the data is stored locally for metric extraction and is then deleted. The only data that is sent to servers if the user wishes to, is the resulting metrics.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of
In the short time period of HackZurich we managed to create a stable fundament for using interaction data to optimize a users workflow. We are proud of the fact that we managed to create a working prototype in such a short time.

## What we learned
Building an multi-os application which needs system level access is not an easy task. We learned a lot about the different ways to achieve this and the different problems that arise when trying to do so.

## What's next for Efficiency Boost: Cloud-Powered Options+ Workflow

Explore whats possible with the data we collect. The timeframe of this hackathon only allowed us to scratch the surface of what kind of metrics and analysis are possible with the data we collect. We would like to explore this further and find out what kind of insights we can gain from this data.
